contrib guide: broken links and release versioning (#505)
layer5io/docs: content/en/kanvas/reference/contributing-to-docs.md

  Use the same file name as the theme does, and put the file in the same relative position.
  Hugo looks first at the file in the main project directories, if present, then at the files under the theme directory.
  For example, the Layer5 website's [`layouts/partials/navbar.html`](https://github.com/layer5io/docs/blob/master/layouts/partials/navbar.html)
  overrides the theme's [`layouts/partials/navbar.html`](https://github.com/layer5io/docs/blob/master/layouts/partials/navbar.html)

* You can update the Layer5 website's project variables in the [`_variables_project.scss` file](https://github.com/layer5io/docs/blob/master/assets/scss/_variables_project.scss).

>   Values in that file override the [Docsy variables](https://github.com/layer5io/docs/blob/master/assets/scss/_variables.scss).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Values in that file override the [Docsy variables](https://github.com/google/docsy/blob/main/assets/scss/_variables.scss).
```

Reviewer: Looks like the original link is broken (404). Should it link to the Docsy repo instead?

Reviewer 2: Oh, yes, that's right. This sentence is about pointing to Docsy, while the prior sentence is about pointing to our custom variables.

Author: Thank you! Please don't hesitate to commit your suggestions when you're confident of their correctness. 👍

* `vXXX-YYY.docs.layer5.io` points to the release at vXXX.YYY-branch

We also hook up each version to the dropdown on the website menu bar.

> For information on how to update the website to a new version, see the [Layer5 release guide](https://github.com/layer5io/docs/blob/master/docs_dev/releasing.md#releasing-a-new-version-of-the-website). -->

Reviewer 2: I wonder if this `-->` gets properly interpreted or not.
